- [ ] 2.1.5 Section Review, Questions 1,2,3,4 and 5
1. The central processor unit (CPU) contains registers and what other basic elements?
  The CPU contains registers, a clock, a control unit, and an ALU.
2. The central processor unit is connected to the rest of the computer system using what three
buses?
  The CPU is connected to the rest of the computer system by using the data bus, control bus, and address bus.
3. Why does memory access take more machine cycles than register access?
  Memory access takes more machine cycles because there are wait states accosiated with the difference in the 
  speeds of the cpu, bus, and memory circuits.
4. What are the three basic steps in the instruction execution cycle?
  The three basic steps in the instruction execution cycle are Fetch, Decode, and Execute.
5. Which two additional steps are required in the instruction execution cycle when a memory
operand is used?
  Two additional steps required when an operand is used are fetching the opperands from registers and memory
  as well as storing the result.

- [ ] 2.4.3 Section Review, Question 5
5. What is the purpose of the 8259A PIC controller?
  The purpose of the 8259A Programmable Interrupt Controller is to handle external interrupts from
  devices such as keyboards, system clocks, and disk drives, allowing for these devices to process
  immediately.
  
- [ ] 2.5.2 Section Review, Questions 1, 3, 4, and 5
1. Of the four levels of input/output in a computer system, which is the most universal and
portable?
  High-level language level is the most portable because they work on many different computer systems
  and are not dependant on only one operating system.
3. Why are device drivers necessary, given that the BIOS already has code that communicates
with the computer’s hardware?
  The device driver executes code in the device firmware that reads data unique to the device.
4. In the example regarding displaying a string of characters, which level exists between the
operating system and the video controller card?
  The level that exists between the OS and the video controller card is the BIOS.
5. Is it likely that the BIOS for a computer running MS-Windows would be different from that
used by a computer running Linux?
  It is not likely that the BIOS would be different between MS-Windows and Linux, assuming that the
  system is using a standard BIOS.
  - [ ] 2.8 Review Question 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 19, 20, 25, and 26
7. Which part of the CPU performs floating-point arithmetic?
  The floating-point unit is used to execute high-speed floating-point instructions.
8. On a 32-bit processor, how many bits are contained in each floating-point data register?
  80 bits.
9. (True/False): The x86-64 instruction set is backward-compatible with the x86 instruction set.
  True
10. (True/False): In current 64-bit chip implementations, all 64 bits are used for addressing.
  False
12. (True/False): Static RAM is usually less expensive than dynamic RAM.
  False
19. (True/False): A bus is a plastic cable that is attached to the motherboard at both ends, but
does not sit directly on the motherboard.
  False
20. (True/False): CMOS RAM is the same as static RAM, meaning that it holds its value with-
out any extra power or refresh cycles.
  False
25. At which level(s) can an assembly language program manipulate input/output?
  Aseembly language program can manipulate output at all levels, although your OS may only permit
  manipulation to certain levels, for example, the last MS OS to allow programs to access hardware
  diretly was MS-DOS.
26. Why do game programs often send their sound output directly to the sound card’s hardware
ports?
  By sending the sound output directly to the sound card's port it allows the device to execute as fast
  as possible.
- [ ] Upload your assignment to GitHub
- [ ] Email james.wilson@rccd.edu with the url to the source code on GitHub	

** 19 Possible Points (1 for each question) ***
