Which assignment took you the longest to complete?
The bubble sort assignment took the longest to complete.
 Which assignment was the most difficult?
 The bubble sort assignment was also the most difficult to complete because of how hard it was for me to figure out nested loops.
 Which assignment was the easiest?
 The reading assignments were very easy and enjoyable.
 Of the concepts we covered, which (if any) are you the most confused about still?
 I am the most confused about bit manipulation stuff.
 If we had an extra week to spend on any of the concepts covered in this course, which one would it be?
 I think that indexing arrays in masm can be very confusing at first and some more time for figuring that out could help.
 Were there any assignments you felt were unnecessarily tedious (not necessarily difficult, but that took too long to complete)
 Some of the readings could be tedious but all of the information in the book felt helpful.
 Which assignment was your favorite?
 My favorite assignment was the bubble sort because it took me the longest and im glad I figured it out.
 Which assignment do you think you learned the most from?
 I think I learned the most from the asignment where we had to swap elements in the array because it helped to learn how array indexing works.
 Were the assignment requirements and due dates clear enough? If not, how so?
 Everythinng was clear.
 On a scale of 1-5, rate the difficulty (1=Breating, 5=Exiting Vim) of this course compared to other CIS courses you've taken.
 I give the difficulty a 2.5 or so. Average difficulty. Personlly I think we needed to have more assignments because some of them were too easy.
 Was the book used in this course effective/helpful? Would you recommend a different one?
 The book was very helpful.
 Were there any topics that we didn't cover that you would have liked to see included?
 Nah.
 How can this course be improved?
 I think that making the lab attendance mandatory would help people to learn the material better.
